pdfimages: add page (#3668)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pdfimages.md

# pdfimages

> Utility for extracting images from PDFs.

> - Extract all images from a PDF file and save them in PNG format:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Extract all images from a PDF file and save them as PNGs:
```

`pdfimages -png {{PDF-file}} {{image-root}}`

> - Extract images from a PDF file from pages 3-5:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Extract images from pages 3 to 5:
```

> `pdfimages -f 3 -l 5 {{PDF-file}} {{image-root}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps the numbers could be in `{{tokens}}`?
```suggestion
`pdfimages -f {{3}} -l {{5}} {{PDF-file}} {{image-root}}`
```

> - Extract images from a PDF file and include the page number in their names:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Extract images from a PDF file and include the page number in the output filenames:
```

Reviewer 2: I disagree with you on this one, but :+1: for the other suggestions.

Reviewer: Why do you disagree/

Reviewer 2: Oh... I thought it was related to PDF files and not the generated files. :+1: for this one too.

> `pdfimages -p {{PDF-file}} {{image-root}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`pdfimages -p {{path/to/file.pdf}} {{path/to/output_directory}}`
```

Same goes for the other examples.

Author: Thanks for all the suggestions! I've committed all of them, except this one. The last parameter here is not a path to the output directory, but rather a name root, that all of the resulting filenames will share. I.e., running the command
```
pdfimages -png file.pdf test
```
will produce files
```
test-001.png
test-002.png
...
```
rather than saving them in a directory named `test`.

I agree it is not readily understandable from the token `image-root`, but I can't think of anything better and that's the term the program and its man page uses.

Reviewer: Ah, I see! Thanks for clarifying. What about `filename_prefix` then?

Author: Good idea; implemented.
